'''LITERALLY IGNORE THIS README RIGHT NOW'''
'''I REWROTE EVERYTHING SO IT DOESN'T CONSIST WITH THE CODE!!!'''
== Purpose ==
The purpose this is to provide a simple python API to connect to Second Life.
While [[http://wiki.secondlife.com/wiki/PyOGP|PyOGP]] exists, to my experience
the docs are missing/poorly written and it includes a lot more than just a bot.

This aims to be simple, and easy to use with minimal packet construction.

== Example of use ==
'''WARNING''': This is a proof of concept, and is not actually functional.
This is what this is aimed to be at the moment.
<syntaxhighlight lang="python">
import pyverse

messages = pyverse.message_template.getMessages()

#Initialize the session
session = pyverse.login(firstname, lastname, password, macAddr)

hello = messages.getMessage("ChatFromViewer")

#Fill out agent info
hello.AgentData.AgentID = session.agent.AgentID
hello.AgentData.SessionID = session.agent.SessionID

#We can safely pass integers and strings as these get transformed automatically
hello.ChatData.Message = "Hello, world!"
hello.ChatData.Type = 1
hello.ChatData.Channel = 0

#We can pass messages to sendMessage to construct it as a packet and send it in
#one go!
session.sendMessage(hello)
</syntaxhighlight>

== Current status ==
zerocode.py (Fully implemented:
:bytes pyverse.zerocode.decode(bytes)
:bytes pyverse.zerocode.encode(bytes)
    
template.py (Partually implemented, needs to be rewritten):
:No extra info, no need to document because of being rewritten

message.py (Fully implemented?):
:No extra info at the moment

packet.py (Junk code, needs to be rewritten(MAYBE?)):
:No extra info at the moment

== Contribution ==
Think you can help pyverse grow and become better? Commit your changes to the
main branch and help us out! (Feel free to add your name/info to
contributors.txt while you are at it too!)

== License ==
I'll add the license in the code later, it's under the MIT license.
<code>
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 pyverse contributors(See contributors.txt)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</code>

== Copyrights and disclaimers ==
Pyverse and it's contributors are not endorsed, affiliated, or sponsored by
Linden Lab, the creators of Second Life, or Second Life it's self.
Second Life is registered trademark of Linden Lab, Inc.